The Joe Rogan.
Experience, you know what the problem is, this idea of approved truth,
what YouTube calls, authoritative sources. So I know I'm pretty hard on YouTube,
but this does involve Facebook as well. That name I sent you,
Facebook will delete your posts without notice if you type it. Wow.
So here's what I did tried it. I typed, I just, uh,
I said something like I heard of a man from Dubuque on orthodontist named
who has five kids. And he's in his mid fifties.
I did that because that in no way describes who that person is, right. Not,
not only to Facebook delete it,
they deleted it without telling me it was just erased from the site gone.
So it's.
Some sort of a filter that's in place. No.
No. Somebody manually did it. It was there for a while.
And then somebody came in or somehow. So,
so do you know what happened with a CNN, Chris Cuomo getting, getting COVID,
you know, they fake that whole thing, right? What do you mean the effect? It,
so Chris Cuomo was spotted 30 minutes from his house on a property with a new co
with a new construction being built, a steel frame, a guy on a bike saw him,
Chris Cuomo, they got into it. Chris Como goes on his radio show and says,
I don't want this on a fat tire bike coming up to me.
I should tell him what I want the guy in the bikes,
as he called the cops and said, he threatened me.
So this basically confirms the encounter. Chris Cuomo then,
then shot a segment for CNN of him emerging from his basement. Like,
this is what I've been dreaming of.
Finally getting out of my basement and seeing my kids.
But he was witnessed seeing his kids somewhere else with his kids. Yeah.
So you even had that you even had Ben Smith,
the New York times call this out saying E w Ben Smith used to be the editor in
chief of Buzzfeed news.
Now he's a media columnist for New York times said something to the effect of
it's.
It's like shocking how CNN is aligning this whole controversy there they're
pretending like it didn't happen. Everybody knows Como faked it.
He wasn't in quarantine. He was out. Presumably he was,
he was a two women and three kids. So we can,
we can assume it was his wife and his kids, whatever.
I bring that up because you've got a couple other moments, right?
You've got Brian Stelter on,
on his show saying that we got to channel the anger for the people. Yeah.
That he was saying that journalists.
Need to do that. Which is, which is, you know, I basically said,
so you're admitting your rage bait.
Yes. I saw you did that.
And I was glad that you said that like finally they're admitting it.
Right, right, right. I mean, look, it's no secret. I'm going to rag on,
on the media.
I worked for these companies and I've seen them slowly getting worse and worse
with everything I want to see. Brian's.
Scream.
You want to see Brian's scream? Yeah.
I think like him enraged would be a dog.
Like I wonder how much anger he can muster.
I can't. So, so here's, here's the point I was getting to.
CNN's called an authoritative source. Yeah. They're lying in our faces. I mean,
you just had the Joe Biden thing for it.
I don't know if you've talked about this yet,
but if you go to Google play and look up Larry King show from 1993,
you will see there. So actually I checked many of the different, uh, months.
What people noticed was that one episode was missing August 11th, 1993,
the episode where Joe Biden's accuser called in saying my daughter had a problem
with a prominent Senator knows.
Joe Biden's accuser's mom.
What did I say? I said accuser. All right. Yeah.
He's the user's mom write that up. So it's gone. Yes.
So I went through Google play and there certainly were other episodes that were
presumably missing. Typically Mondays, where I assume I would assume that,
you know, Larry can get a day off or something. The 11th was a Wednesday.
Why was this missing? Why did CNN, why were they scooped on their own story?
They had this evidence, apparently this was, this was news.
So when you look at what CNN has been doing, admitting that they're doing rage,
journalism, you get people like Jim Acosta.
Isn't that like, what's what Brian said. What's Brian's Helter Skelter, Stelter.
Isn't he just that's his own opinion. You know? I mean,
and it's not that they're admitting that they're doing rage journalism.
It's he's saying that they should do that. Right. Isn't that what it was?
And he said it on Twitter, right? Yeah. Yeah.
I think it was a quote from his show. Was it?
I think it was reliable sources tweeting it out and you know, look,
I may be hyperbolic or whatever. Cause I got my opinions on,
on CNN and all that. But take a look at someone like Jim Acosta, he stands up,
he argues with the president. That's not what journalists are supposed to do.
You know, if you want to ask the president a question, he gives you an answer.
If he, if, if you have the opportunity for follow-up you do,
and then you write your story and you fact check them,
you write your story and say Donald Trump. Here's what he told us.
Here's the truth. That's what journalists used to do.
Now you've got this idea of channeling, the rage for the people.
What that means is it's something I've seen in activist circles,
where it was explained to me that what people are looking for is someone to
strike down a symbol of what they view as their enemy or the cause of their
problems. So the reasons why someone like Jim Acosta would do so well,
he would get so many followers constantly doing this.
It's not that he's asking any real questions or actually challenging the
president. It's that the people who don't like Trump,
see him as striking a symbol down.
It doesn't matter if he's telling you the truth or not.
Now you get performative journalism where Chris Cuomo pretends to come out of
his basement, where you know,
you get people standing up with the white house correspondence, uh,
or at the press conferences,
just arguing instead of actually asking questions and then YouTube,
Facebook and Twitter say, this is the truth. We deem it.
So YouTube now puts them among other outlets on the front page of the website,
guaranteeing hundreds of millions of views. Meanwhile,
independent commentators like myself. We actually get hurt in the algorithm.
If you go to my channel, they only show you Fox news. If you want to watch me,
then you are guaranteed in the sidebar. The next video will be Fox news.
They prop up all of these channels. David PackMan, for instance, you get MSNBC,
Jimmy Dore, Fox news. I don't understand why they're going to send Jimmy's,
you know, lefty followers to Fox news, but they're doing seemingly everything,
their power to make sure individuals like myself and other commentators are
struck down while channels like CNN, Fox and MSNBC are propped up.
Even though we know that they put out fake news.
But isn't that, but because of the algorithm though.
And do you think that algorithm is engineered in order to engineer towards those
mainstream site? Absolutely.
We can see, we can see when it happened. It was may of last year.
I've looked at my analytics around the time these smear pieces came out,
arguing that there a rabbit hole where if you watch one kind of contents,
all you get, it's a very, very misleading way of framing.
What was really going on.
And so I I'm surprised that YouTube just bent over for this.
You basically have YouTube competition.
These media outlets using their media waits to hurt YouTube in ad sales.
So YouTube says, you got it, we'll give you front page access.
We'll guarantee you, you know, people watch your content.
Right.
But they're doing that because that content is very popular and that generates
ad revenue.
Well, I would, I would, I would say no, actually I would argue against that.
Yeah. Well, okay. Well listen like Tucker Carlson, for example,
you got to know he's hugely popular.
If you have a Tucker Carlson video is going to generate millions of views.
Absolutely. So YouTube within their best interests.
Thinking about Alison Camerata is anybody really Google searching you on
YouTube? Alison camera Rhoda's opinion on this all day. I don't think so.
I think I don't know who that is. Uh, right, exactly.
And so you wouldn't be searching for it, Tucker of course we know. Um.
The channel in general, not just, uh, someone who's popular,
like Sean Hannity or Tucker Carlson.
They as, as very famous personalities, very obviously do get, you know,
more get more naturally. Yeah.
So people are searching for Tucker all day and night Hannity and Rachel Maddow,
things like that. Right. But if you, if you look at how, uh, what,
what YouTube has even said to CNN, they prop up authoritative sources.
If you search for a new story, guess who you're going to get.
If you Google search, you know, Tyree Joe Biden, you're going to get CNN CBS.
Though, because they're trying to get rid of conspiracy theories. Yes. Yeah.
They're trying to reason. Yeah. They're trying to get, like,
I understand what they're saying in terms of, so like the CEO of YouTube,
when she said that they're going to go with the world health organization,
I don't think it's a good idea to go with the world health organization.
Cause it seems like it's a very corrupt organization,
but I do understand this desire to go towards respected and
established medical professionals.
So for staff respected and established medical professionals have a protocol for
dealing with coronavirus, we should listen to them. Right? Absolutely.
And there's a lot of wacky online that are trying to say that it's not a real
virus and that it's 5g. And there's like,
all that kind of stuff is dangerous. You know what they told me.
Don't you think? Absolutely, absolutely.
But they told me they published an editorial guidelines very early on.
I did a video about this January 23rd, when they first started locking down,
I did a segment talking about what's going on.
And I actually didn't think it was a big deal.
This was before anybody was really covering it. I mean, this is, you know,
impeachment was happening and YouTube fully monetized. It can.
So I have a thing on YouTube called self-certification where,
when I upload a video, they asked me, do your,
does your video contain any of the following?
My videos are always clean family family-friendly I don't swear.
And I was approved video monetized a week later,
they implemented a new change without telling anyone, anything.
Anyone talking about coronavirus was instantly demonetized D ranked possibly had
your videos harder to find things like that.
And it wasn't until about a couple weeks ago, they overturned these,
the rankings on my channel. They told me before they published the guidelines,
you cannot say these things.
One of which was that it may have emerged from a bio-lab.
Now we have on April, I think, I think it was the 16th,
a former Clinton administration,
NSC staffer saying that outcomes razors suggests the most likely place that this
came from was breaking out of a Wu Han Biolab.
There was a story by Brett Baer over at Fox news where he said,
according to sources, he has who've overseen the documents.
They believe that China was trying to essentially prove their, their,
their worth with American bioresearch by racing to do this development.
And there was a breach and this resulted in the COVID outbreak.
That's that's Fox news and CNN CNN's run, run multiple segments saying this.
When I talk about it, I get direct. Do you monetize confirmed? They say,
you can't talk about this temp, CNN, Ken they're authoritative. You can't.
Even if I use them as a source, even if I say like, so if I,
what I try to do is, you know, weigh the sources. How good are they?
Brett Bair. That's a good source. I mean, Brett bears,
one of the last true newspeople I don't I'm,
I'm not somebody who follows him too much, but he's a straight news guy.
He put his name on this. And that, that says a lot to me.
You don't got to like the guy you've got to like Fox news,
but CNN also ran the story saying U S intelligence now believes, or,
or I'm sorry, they're investigating whether this claim is, has merit.
We also had a story from the Washington post that asked the same question,
even got a professor from Rutgers university to say it's very possible.
The story actually emerged because at south, uh, China universe, uh, is it,
I think south China university in Beijing released a paper saying that somebody
was doing experiments on bat bats with coronavirus.
And one of the bats spilled blood on them and peed on him.
And he had to self quarantine for 14 days being that the Wu Han CDC,
I think it's the CDC is about 300 meters away from the, from the food market.
It seems like that was a likely scenario.
They eventually retract that retracted that paper. So movie.
Scene. Totally. So.
Look, uh, it's not, it's not me saying it. I, I understand.
What you're saying.
But, but I get, I get knocked down for this.
That's about it. I understand. But I think in their defense,
some of this has to be that they're managing at scale.
Some of this has to be the fact that millions of videos are uploaded every day
and they have to keep this dense disinformation from spreading out of control.